Letita Williams: Hi. See you back.
Richelle Direny: Okay okay cuz I'm like, show me.
Richelle Direny: Then you'll now you got to go to grow right
Letita Williams: You have to grow up.
Richelle Direny: What do you do your groups on Tuesdays. I
Richelle Direny: Know,
I suppose
Richelle Direny: No, not Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: Yes, Tuesday at nine.
Letita Williams: Yeah, she said it was on Tuesdays, but I got this is the last date they provided me so I got a call back and get some more dates you know schedule.
Richelle Direny: Um, so I would say you can you can contact going to Ohio. Right.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: I mean, nine o'clock. That's like you. That's an elite group.
Richelle Direny: If that works for you then hey,
Letita Williams: Right if it'll work.
Richelle Direny: Or the I do, I do. The eight o'clock. She has an eight o'clock group. I see.
Richelle Direny: So you could come to the aid of our group is the one I do with the doctor but I don't do the nine o'clock. That's I'm done for the night.
Letita Williams: Right. I know. That's right.
Richelle Direny: So, so what's been going on, let's get updated because I know the last time we spoke you arm after we did our individual
Richelle Direny: You was like, I'm good. I don't got no problems. Good.
Letita Williams: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Oh, what happened.
Richelle Direny: You. I feel
Letita Williams: Well, I still feel the same way. But my probation officer told me to do just, you know, a couple more sessions. A couple more meetings a day, he'll end it.
Letita Williams: He said, just going to do a couple more. And then he'll you know
Richelle Direny: Because that's how
Richelle Direny: Now, you sure it's a couple more. Because my understanding is that they're requiring that you do this.
Richelle Direny: Year, they're requiring
Letita Williams: That you go yeah it's require but it's up to my probation officer what he wants me to stop.
Letita Williams: Yeah yeah
Letita Williams: Go with the flow right now. I'll
Richelle Direny: TELL YOU RIGHT NOW YOU JUST GOT SAVED BY THE BELL because look
Richelle Direny: Five more minutes late. Adam and I wish you had to guess, I mean how she laid
Richelle Direny: By also know I got to do a weekly report.
Letita Williams: Right, I
Letita Williams: Actually, I just moved in a new place today.
Letita Williams: So I kind of got, you know, little sidetracked with time. I said, Lord, is eight o'clock already, you know, so I'd hear it up and down in
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you move you moved from where you were.
Letita Williams: It was just in a new location now. Yeah, I'm still in Columbus, Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Okay, we used to live alone.
Letita Williams: Yeah, pretty much.
Richelle Direny: OK, OK. That's fine.
Richelle Direny: So what's so what's what's changed on in terms of you're still aren't you are in on house arrest for you.
Letita Williams: Know, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you just what was it that you were paying for to be on probation.
Letita Williams: Yeah, you gotta pay to be on probation and pay your fine.
Letita Williams: Yes, now
Richelle Direny: Classic. You gotta pay to be on probation.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Well, I know there's usually a fee attached to probation, right. Like there's fees that you have to pay
Letita Williams: Yeah, it's all, it's all included in one one lump sum.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, how was the group attended the group.
Letita Williams: It was good. It was good. I enjoyed it. I like to do all the talking. I just sat there and listened.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Well, you can't come to my group them because you don't have to talk
Letita Williams: I was just laughing at you know
Letita Williams: They asked me to introduce myself to a little something a bit of a hobby, things like that. I told them that, um, and that was pretty much it. You know, everybody has something to say. I was just like, I just got work had a long day you know i i don't talk a lot.
Letita Williams: I want to 12 hour days time
Richelle Direny: You're still working.
Letita Williams: Yeah, we're still working.
Richelle Direny: I thought you do your hairdresser.
Letita Williams: No, ma'am. I work I did not own distribution.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what are they, distributing that's essential
Letita Williams: Though we just packed though.
Letita Williams: We were in the freezer all day and pack up dough.
Richelle Direny: And you still gotta that's essential
Letita Williams: I suppose that we still all the man we still weren't it
Richelle Direny: I mean, it's a good thing.
Richelle Direny: I have to say it is because you said, I mean if your work. You can get no money.
Letita Williams: Right. Correct.
Richelle Direny: So I get it. But then I thought, I mean, unless a lie. It was a little bit different in terms of the strictness of them I'm
Letita Williams: A lot of places are close, but like, don't leave like the drive to print, you know, the times that you can't be on the road. I think it's like 13 or something like that here. But if you work like in between those hours. We're good.
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK.
Letita Williams: Have to be in by TN
Richelle Direny: What do you oh oh off the road and in your house by
Letita Williams: Correct, correct.
Richelle Direny: And you work 12 hours every day, five days a week.
Letita Williams: No three days a week.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so that's good, that's good. And you're
Richelle Direny: So how, how are you with the whole virus. Like, what is your own your own self care like what are you doing to stay. I'm
Letita Williams: Saying
Richelle Direny: Not even just cleaning. I mean, listen now, come on now.
Richelle Direny: To
Richelle Direny: You when you want to clean up like he was supposed to afford a virus.
Letita Williams: Yeah, I'm still I'm still doing the same thing. Staying clean
Richelle Direny: At it.
Letita Williams: You know sounds just staying clean. I'm doing the same thing. I was doing before.
Richelle Direny: I mean the this whole virus thing just tell people who weren't really very clean.
Letita Williams: To go. Right, right.
Letita Williams: right about that. Yeah, everybody worried I'm like what you worry. For if he was cleaning before you will still be clean.
Richelle Direny: But not just it's just like the whole sense of isolation.
Letita Williams: More so, Randy. Correct.
Richelle Direny: Like, how are you handling that concept because that that could be hard for some
Letita Williams: Right, it's cool with me. It's cool with me, Miss will shut off just go to work and come home. I'm cool with that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Letita Williams: Can I know some
Richelle Direny: People say, you know, the people who they're like, you know, even though they're introverts. They're always home. They are always isolated Oh for them. It's cool, but now they're saying the minute now that you're actually told you can't leave the house.
Now, right.
Letita Williams: Is working for me.
Richelle Direny: Was you just go home, you just go to work and come home.
Richelle Direny: That's correct. I mean, listen, alive. It's it does have a lot of benefits.
Richelle Direny: In the, in regards to your not. Yeah, you're not spending as much money, no more.
Letita Williams: Right, you're
Richelle Direny: Not spending as much money, no more like now I work from home.
Richelle Direny: All the time now. So you're not spending that much in gas.
Richelle Direny: Correct. There's just so much that you're eating.
Richelle Direny: It has a lot of goods. Good, then it has bad
Richelle Direny: It really have a whole lot of good that if you look at it from that aspect.
Richelle Direny: It does have a lot of good
Richelle Direny: Oh, I know. I know that you said that you don't have a lot of family right
Letita Williams: Well, I got family. I have family but it yeah family but you know it's a small family.
Richelle Direny: Well, I know you said you didn't have any siblings. Right.
Letita Williams: Now I have sisters sisters
Richelle Direny: You told me in our intake you we had no siblings.
Letita Williams: Oh, I have a sister I have sisters
Richelle Direny: Oh, Si O Lord, you see, I
Letita Williams: Told you I had a sister.
Richelle Direny: You said you only want to know where which I don't even think you
Letita Williams: Yes, my mother still alive.
Letita Williams: My father has passed.
Richelle Direny: And her
Richelle Direny: Cuz I know why you told me you is the only one that's around right but how
Letita Williams: Can we say, Bobby.
Richelle Direny: How is your mom.
Letita Williams: She's doing good. She's doing good.
Richelle Direny: Because, you know, are you have you been checking in on her because I know that's one of the things
Richelle Direny: I'm for something, you know, for people that are older.
Right.
Richelle Direny: For people that are older, that will have more impact on them than
Letita Williams: Around right I've been checking in with my mother also my grandmother does raise me and they both been doing pretty good.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's good, that's good. And you said that you have siblings that lives close
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm trying to pull up here.
Richelle Direny: Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to pull up your file here.
Letita Williams: Cool.
Letita Williams: What would this be
Letita Williams: I like that a little mental peace, you have on your waters. Nice, or shall I like pieces like that. That's a nice art piece.
Richelle Direny: Although art piece on my own.
Letita Williams: Yeah, that's nice.
Letita Williams: You're welcome, baby.
Richelle Direny: What's your last name is Williams. Right.
Letita Williams: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Might be in in till May sometime in May.
Letita Williams: Yeah, her, her that I know right now i know is may 1 correct
Richelle Direny: Yeah, well, I know the kids are out of school. I'm so may 1
Correct.
Richelle Direny: That's a long time. I mean, people home.
Letita Williams: Right. I know. Don't parents going crazy.
Richelle Direny: Right yeah house and home.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I take it back.
Richelle Direny: You said your father died three years ago.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And then your siblings. They had no history. So you did. You did say you didn't have your sister, your siblings have no history because she said she only wanted
Richelle Direny: So, um, but you said that. Very good. So all of your family lives in Ohio.
Letita Williams: Yes majority.
Richelle Direny: Now, so what are the things that I wanted to
Richelle Direny: For you, I know you
Richelle Direny: I know you said that you don't necessarily have
Richelle Direny: Issues with, you know, you're not addicted to alcohol or don't consider
Richelle Direny: myself falling apart. I know that you had some DUIs
Richelle Direny: Well, why do you think
Richelle Direny: That your, your appeal think you will benefit from this program at this capacity, where you're meeting for individual
Richelle Direny: And even. I mean, the group part. It's a little different, but because they're not prepared, even though you met with the providers. SHE'S NOT GIVING YOU, DR Jameson is not prescribing you anything. Right.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay. So why do you think it meeting with your probation officer. Why are, why do you think that they're strongly recommending that you
Letita Williams: He said, because it was core order. He said he don't really know much about this program. This is this first, you know, time having someone on probation that you know that he had that had to do this program. So he said he really don't know much about it, but it was court order.
Richelle Direny: But, you know, to
Letita Williams: Me, I
Richelle Direny: Know, you said that but outside of it being court ordered
Richelle Direny: Why do you think
Richelle Direny: Courts, you're the lawyer, the State attorney.
The judge
Letita Williams: To keep me out of jail, ma'am, because otherwise I wouldn't have to do 30 days in jail.
Letita Williams: He said he knew you wanted to. I said, Mr. I can't go to jail. Okay. I work, I can't go to nobody's jail so my options were to get the 30 days in jail or do probation. You know what this program. And so there was a better route to keep me out of jail so I did.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then, so then let me put it to you like this.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. If you're saying that all you had to do was go to to get incarcerated for 30 days right there's 30 days or you needed
Right.
Richelle Direny: It's either jail time going on probation.
Letita Williams: paying a fee for
Letita Williams: Probation
Richelle Direny: Having to be a part of this program.
Richelle Direny: Will be part of this program for i'm sure more than the 30 days.
I'm
Richelle Direny: Having to meet with me.
Richelle Direny: Having to go through having to just do all of that. Now granted, each of our interaction here on this platform on from this sector, it's only one hour. I mean,
Richelle Direny: It's not anything when you compare it to everything else.
Richelle Direny: Why choose this route in comparison to doing 30 days of
Letita Williams: jail time.
Richelle Direny: And I'm just, I'm just asking because in my mind.
Richelle Direny: If I know and I'm just asking. I'm just logically because you're looking at it like jail time is jail time. How much if you had not done the 30 days. So that's all your days.
Letita Williams: I'm only ma'am. That's a long time, will you in jail.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know. I hear what I'm saying to you, 30 days 30 days. It's just a month 30 days.
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: How much you paying for to be. Are you paying daily for revelation
Letita Williams: No, I haven't even start paying yet my my probation officer told me next time we, you know, speak. I don't even have to go to Mansfield, you know, we're, you know, the charge happen.
Letita Williams: I don't have to go to Mansfield to go see him. He told me, we'll just do talk over the phone every. I think it's a month and a half.
Letita Williams: He said, once I get done with this He'll basically I basically be done here. Let me off.
Letita Williams: He said, I need to stay on the full year he said I'm let me off the Roku
Letita Williams: So, okay.
Richelle Direny: So you have to be on probation for a whole year.
Letita Williams: It's supposed to be a year, but he said he'll let me off before
Richelle Direny: But a whole year. Okay, even if he's saying that he's let you off because
Richelle Direny: I was just talking to somebody about this this morning about the whole concept of probation.
Richelle Direny: And comparison to serving out whatever time because I having limited knowledge now.
Richelle Direny: Little I do know is that they offer you.
Richelle Direny: Either 30 I mean either being incarcerated or going on probation.
Richelle Direny: But if you
Richelle Direny: Ever mess up whatever the terms of your probation is
Richelle Direny: Where I forgot your time right whatever that time is
Letita Williams: So,
Letita Williams: I just know maybe they can put a probation by nation out on us up to your PTO if he wants to send you to jail or not.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, business.
Letita Williams: Person I don't get in trouble. So I'm like, I'll take the probation, you know,
Richelle Direny: The violation. I was told is that you have to comply with Bernhard health
Letita Williams: That's right. Correct. Yeah. Well, no, that's what the court. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's
Richelle Direny: Shorter your pro. Yes. So if you don't comply
Richelle Direny: With this
Richelle Direny: Brian part of the consequences is a violation of probation.
Richelle Direny: With when it comes on to adults, even though they threaten you with violation. I
Richelle Direny: Right, I'm going to assume that they don't necessarily violate you as quickly as how they make it they stayed because it's a whole process.
Richelle Direny: You have to go through to get you violated.
Letita Williams: Correct.
Richelle Direny: The whole process. I have to do to get you violated.
Richelle Direny: But I'm saying
Richelle Direny: The stress of having to check in with appeal for over a year, whether he keeps you on it for six months or for one year.
Richelle Direny: Having to pay the fee having to
Richelle Direny: Comply with this program and everything else that you have to do. My question is,
Richelle Direny: Not looking at it from, well that's 30 days. I don't want to be nobody juvenile 30 days.
Richelle Direny: Right if after 30 days I could put this behind me.
Richelle Direny: Why not take this route then for you to be dealing with chew for a whole year, possibly a whole year.
Richelle Direny: Right, that's my, that's what I'm asking.
Letita Williams: Because I don't want to go to jail is dirty and I don't want to be in there what on females is dirty. Ma'am, you guys share one shower when autumn females. And what this coronavirus going on. I'm not
Richelle Direny: In the current him in jail ain't got a word about know coronavirus right now.
Richelle Direny: What they what
Richelle Direny: They were coronavirus
Letita Williams: Hell well
Richelle Direny: Go to jail to go see somebody you know in jail because they better than you.
Letita Williams: Right. Well, I'm just saying I go on and nobody jail because it's dirty in there and I don't want to share a shower with autumn females. That's jails, just not for me. I can't do jail, I gotta go to work I got living things I have to do, man.
Letita Williams: I'm just curious.
Richelle Direny: Have you been in there before.
Letita Williams: For one day when I was younger. Like when I was like 21
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: That's still one trippin.
Letita Williams: That's Mark, I don't know. How about Martha Stewart probably had it may when she was in there. She got all that money.
Letita Williams: She had her own sale her, all she was in prison. So most like she had her own sale. You know, it was clean. She's pregnant fast stakes. You know when you'll be getting that treatment when you got that brand like Martha Stewart.
Letita Williams: Now,
Letita Williams: I do this, I'd be, this is just fine video chat is just five will be baby.
Letita Williams: And I can say about warm home and this is cool for an hour. It's still laugh. You still got your freedom. I'm cool. This way.
Letita Williams: This is me personally, how I feel about it. I prefer to do this.
Richelle Direny: I mean hey, that's fine. That's fine. I'm just saying I was just curious because, in my mind, I'm thinking for everything that
Letita Williams: I mean we do tomorrow.
Letita Williams: You will do the month in the workhouse
Richelle Direny: bothering me for a whole year. It doesn't just say a whole a whole year.
Letita Williams: Yeah, I'm Bob
Richelle Direny: Have you possibly doing a breathalyzer on me.
Letita Williams: A whole month no drug test may
Letita Williams: Be drug tested. I don't have to go in to see my PO I'm
Letita Williams: Not reporting probation. Only thing I do is talk to him on the phone.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Oh, so maybe if it was a little bit more intense or no.
Letita Williams: Right.
Letita Williams: No, I wouldn't know I would. Did this route.
Letita Williams: I wouldn't miss, Rochelle.
Letita Williams: Why I just leave it on them hard bunk beds.
Letita Williams: You'll notice that one day. One day, a long time ago, you may not even get a bomb, you may have to get one in and pull out things because they have a box available when I went in for that one day.
Letita Williams: He had this hard hard plastic Matt had to sleep on the left, the lights on at night. I'm like, no, this ain't no place for nobody. I gotta get out of here and my bail me out the next day.
Richelle Direny: For real, okay. I mean, I'm just, I'm just conceptualizing
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. You know why, when you think about like the 30 days. And again, I've spoken to people who have chosen probation over incarceration.
Richelle Direny: You say it's just better to just serve out your time because to deal with.
Letita Williams: A power cord and
Richelle Direny: Everything else and I met I was speaking to someone who has to do with a probation officer now.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: He said, You know, that's even a trigger for for him. Anyway, that's a trigger for him when it comes on to his sobriety because they they speak to you like you're less than
Letita Williams: And just kind of a nice
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you got a nice one.
Letita Williams: I got a nice one. Yeah. Michael's nine as
Richelle Direny: You said
Letita Williams: I told he told me I had to do this no more than Kathleen Capri whatever her name is she gonna call him to say
Letita Williams: Well, she missed a couple of appointments told him something. So he called me back like what Latina JUST DO JUST DO ABOUT A MONTH more
Letita Williams: And then I'll let you stop just have them, you know, I haven't fax over paperwork, saying, I got to do it no more. I said, Cool, I work with you, baby. I don't mind doing that.
Letita Williams: You know, I said that's cool with me, so I'm just gonna ride. They went to our next phone meeting, which is April 27, I think, you know, see what you say. Me and my baby. I've been doing it every week. So how much more you want me to do. And then he particle say
Richelle Direny: What are you doing, you're not meeting with me every week.
Letita Williams: No, the group sessions.
Letita Williams: I think it must be every week. Those group sessions.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. So you're going to join.
Me.
Richelle Direny: Every week, you're not on any medication.
Richelle Direny: Know me that after a month, then he will decide whether or not you have to keep doing it.
Yeah.
Letita Williams: Ha.
Richelle Direny: What if he flipped the script on you.
Letita Williams: Michael
Letita Williams: I'm gonna do that man what you mean.
Letita Williams: Instead, what do a longer
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Letita Williams: That's cool. I just kind of do what I got it. So I don't. You didn't tell me, for sure. You know, when I talked to my April 27 that that will be the end of it.
Letita Williams: You just don't
Letita Williams: Just keep keep on schedule with it. I will call them like tonight and be like, hey, we could you let me off. You know, I did a couple more sessions, because you that'd be all
Letita Williams: You know, I'm going to do it no more. I want to speak to them again because this is no problem for me.
Letita Williams: So I went to our, we have our next meeting. And then I'll see what he wanted to do. Hey, I did about four more group sessions aspect, what Rochelle You know my therapist be wanting to continue or do you want me to stop and I'm gonna see what do you say
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what are you doing, what are you doing overall though, because I know the last time I CAN YOU SAY YOUR NAME no therapist because you got God and
Letita Williams: That's right.
Letita Williams: That's right, Rochelle That's all you gotta have is the more Rochelle You gotta go with the door. Good for real because he has all the right guidance, he will. I got some little more, Rochelle.
Letita Williams: And he's been working very good for me.
Richelle Direny: What the Lord introduce you to me.
Letita Williams: I got that correct, that's correct you a glass of Rochelle That's right.
Letita Williams: Every person you encounter in your life. You got to take it as I said,
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So, so
Richelle Direny: Winning. So now, do you think that sometimes you fall off the bandwagon, just a little bit, you kind of go away from the will of God into your own thing. Do your own thing.
Letita Williams: No, because God is always first he know what I'm doing. You see what I'm doing. I hide it. He sees it, he see what we all do. So no, I say, I still got pickoff first. No matter what, I'm the one God is first
Richelle Direny: No, no, I'm saying not ain't oh no shame.
Richelle Direny: We listen we hit a few bumps in the road.
Letita Williams: Correct. Right. And we're supposed to that's trials and tribulations. That's what you live alarm for
Richelle Direny: Some reason he told you
Richelle Direny: You know, come on the to the way
Richelle Direny: Right, because if you go that direction.
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and the meeting, Rochelle.
Letita Williams: Rocky
Richelle Direny: Meeting, Rochelle. He said, You know what it
Letita Williams: Right. Well, right, right. Correct. Correct.
Richelle Direny: But that's what I'm asking. Like I like talking to you, but I'm just saying, that's your reality is that you got introduced to me and you ain't got me because your girlfriend introduced you to me.
Richelle Direny: You got me because you hit a bump in the road.
Letita Williams: That's correct. That's correct. But, Michelle. Remember, God died for our sins, and he knows we're going to make mistakes. You know, so all that you can repent and he'll still love you the same
Richelle Direny: A whole heartedly 100% that
Letita Williams: He gives us choices to go down the right path.
Letita Williams: Or the wrong path. You got to choose which path you want to go.
Richelle Direny: I was
Richelle Direny: Badly agree with you but that he said now go
Richelle Direny: And sin no more.
Richelle Direny: Right, but you can't be coming there minute asking for the same forgiveness.
Letita Williams: Because right now, you can't do it over and over and over and over again, what you can, because, wait a second.
Letita Williams: Not now. Okay, let me tell you. Okay. A person can do it over and over, and over, and over, and God will forgive you over and over and over and over.
Richelle Direny: But intention. If
Letita Williams: You don't look is like a damn fool. If you keep doing the same thing over and over and over again. Correct. God will forgive you, but it's just the way you look at the end.
Richelle Direny: I agree. I agree. So now, so now my question is to you.
Richelle Direny: We part our ways
Richelle Direny: Right ain't gonna be running into your
Letita Williams: data roaming rates will see me know moreover shale you I don't need to go to bands feel normal. You ain't go see me know Moe bandy
Richelle Direny: I'm all alone.
Letita Williams: I know. That's right. You said you know
Richelle Direny: Stay photo Lola.
Richelle Direny: You like okay how Ohio and I'ma go this way. I'm all
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: I'm getting ready to be all up in all these other different court systems. I'm just saying, I'm all
Letita Williams: Right, right.
Letita Williams: I'm done. I'm done.
I'm done.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Hey, listen, as long as you stay on that that path because he said, Go and
Letita Williams: sin no more. No.
Richelle Direny: Weakness 70 times seven. That is very true.
Letita Williams: In a day. Right.
Richelle Direny: Hey, but
Letita Williams: Or yet. Yes, Ben. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's what it says. You asked how many times should I forgive 70 times in one day. That's, that's, you're asking for forgiveness for the same thing.
Letita Williams: That he is in one day. That is
Richelle Direny: That's a lot.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so the question is,
Richelle Direny: Are you going to look at your experience now and your situation now insane.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I've learned from it, but it could have been avoided.
Letita Williams: Correct. I've been thought that I've been thought that yet. I will share that to David. I thought that I said. Darn you know I
Letita Williams: Yeah, I had no business driving and drinking. You know, I know better already. But something's we know better, we still take a risk and doing it.
Letita Williams: You know, so I'll say I let me just try to ease my way all Hall, you know, and locked up, you know, they pulled me. Oh, but yes. Yeah, no, I'm no better than that. I shouldn't be drinking and driving. Yes, my home.
Letita Williams: And I haven't been I haven't done it since that won't ever happen again.
Richelle Direny: But this is that ok so the two times because what you said is two times
Richelle Direny: really lucky for the two times you decide to drink in a in a year.
Letita Williams: You've
Richelle Direny: Got hit up
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Times, you had a DUI. Right.
Letita Williams: Yes, I had a DUI back in my early 20s back it was what the 10 years 10 years. So that's why it's got I got slapped with this.
Letita Williams: You know, or the 30 days in jails within 10 years you know if it's 10 years apart being you. Good. But if it's within the same 10 years, you get a DUI, then you know you got more stuff. You got to do.
Letita Williams: So I was blessed just to get hit with the probation and this now. That's what I'm telling you, because it could have been worse, it could have said you got to do them 30 days or 30 to 60 days, you know, the judges real nice with me.
Richelle Direny: And I thought they were back there were like within a year. So it's within 10 years that you have
Letita Williams: Within 10 years if you get yeah you get called again you know your sentences harder on. Yeah.
Letita Williams: Yeah. Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: So, so you're so for you, your drinking wasn't necessarily like a repeated thing. It was like going out and having fun and you decided to do this.
Letita Williams: Correct, correct.
Richelle Direny: And you say,
Richelle Direny: That say you say what a smile.
Letita Williams: Yeah, when I'm beyond down for about it.
Richelle Direny: It's just
Letita Williams: A bad choice. I'm a
Letita Williams: Phone. We don't want your shell. You got to enjoy your life.
Letita Williams: If you did learn from your mistakes. That's all you can do is learn from it.
Richelle Direny: Amen.
Richelle Direny: So how can you use this as a testimony to help young people.
Letita Williams: Oh, I can definitely let them know, Hey, you know, go with God, you know, don't get behind the wheel drinking and driving. If you won't drink stay at home. Stay safe, you know, and just don't drink and drive.
Letita Williams: Now not only
Richelle Direny: Not your testimony of us because um they got all kinds of TV commercials. They got all kind of
Letita Williams: Arrest
Richelle Direny: You not to do that. That's
Richelle Direny: What I'm talking about for you.
Richelle Direny: How can you this as your testimony in the sense that one bad decision can lead you down to that, that it could put you on a road.
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: You don't want to be on
Letita Williams: Well, true. Well, you need to make better choices.
Letita Williams: That that will be
Richelle Direny: Talking about young people today tell us young people today make better choices is cliche. So how can you tell them based on
Letita Williams: To go to their parents. Maybe they don't have to go to their parents, Miss Rochelle because
Letita Williams: I don't have no kids, so I got to be trying to teach. Nobody's kids. Okay. Because I'm having
Letita Williams: Is, you know, not if this one of my nieces or something like that.
Letita Williams: You know, I would just let them know you know try to make the right decisions in life you know go was right with the Lord. You know I stay positive.
Letita Williams: Walk for and you know just just that hold your hand up baby and keep it moving. Don't let nobody slow you down in life, whatever you your dream as you work towards that dream and it'll come true.
Letita Williams: That's all I can say.
Richelle Direny: It's a testimony young when talking about your nieces and nephews, a testimony. I'm talking about
Richelle Direny: You looking at
Richelle Direny: Here it is. I'm not a drinker. And I decided I caught a DUI.
Right.
Richelle Direny: One night, have fun.
Richelle Direny: Right. One night of hanging out all my friends.
Richelle Direny: Right, one out of a bad decision.
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Leads to a year or two of a concert
Well,
Richelle Direny: Even though the people that I'm serving on my consequences are.
Richelle Direny: Not that bad, and they're not shade and they're not this
Richelle Direny: Really necessary for me to have this derailment in my journey was it necessary for me.
Richelle Direny: To stop off in territory that really didn't belong to me, simply because I
Richelle Direny: Can tell you that's a template.
Letita Williams: You find the right
Richelle Direny: Way, why you say I'm cutting
Letita Williams: It was just fun to use it. But you stopped off in a territory that didn't belong to you, that was funny. That was funny. This, for sure.
Richelle Direny: I'm just saying.
Richelle Direny: I stopped was in a territory.
Richelle Direny: That don't belong to me. I mean, they don't belong to a whole lot of people
Richelle Direny: But the right thing.
Richelle Direny: Right, I thought I know better.
Richelle Direny: Right better
Richelle Direny: Right. For me, it was just this three it'd be worse.
True.
Letita Williams: True.
Richelle Direny: I spoke to someone the other day where for her.
Letita Williams: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: her son's wrong decision of drinking and driving
Richelle Direny: It just cost him his life, it cost them everybody
Richelle Direny: What one person left and lived to tell the story.
Letita Williams: Right, yeah. Yeah, I know. I knew a girl like that before she was. But she ended up making a that's something the driver. She was the one drinking and driving
Letita Williams: She ended up making it, but it's a lot. She had to go through and she killed three other people in the car with her.
Letita Williams: Happened on the freeway shouldn't have fallen asleep behind the wheel and she made it the car caught on fire.
Letita Williams: And they got around to call her, but she had to get her feet like amputation have no toes, no more to heaven and potatoes.
Letita Williams: And she still had to go to prison behind that course because she kill people. You know, so she had to do prison time for that as well. I know a similar story like that, yes, no, it's no it's no joke.
Richelle Direny: It's no joke, yours is yours is the same concept of drinking and driving
Richelle Direny: Correct wars is minor in comparison to hers.
Letita Williams: Right, because
Richelle Direny: You could have
I could
Richelle Direny: You could have you someone else.
Richelle Direny: Or you're
Richelle Direny: Here. All of this could have happened.
Richelle Direny: Correct, Your story that's not true.
Letita Williams: So then the question.
Is
Richelle Direny: It's not. It's not.
Richelle Direny: For you. I'm gonna say from a Biblical
Perspective.
Uh huh.
Letita Williams: Yes.
Letita Williams: Yes, another reading it off.
Letita Williams: Oh good, okay, baby. Let me finish up this week.
Letita Williams: Okay, this will show you
Richelle Direny: Know I was saying to you from a biblical perspective that drinking is not what was wrong.
Letita Williams: Right. It was driving
Richelle Direny: Right abundance of it that's
Letita Williams: Right and
Richelle Direny: In the abundance of it, it caused you to lose awareness.
Letita Williams: Online.
Richelle Direny: You weren't able to you understand. I'm saying now here it is, but for you it was, it didn't, it didn't get to that point.
Richelle Direny: Where you were so integrated that you didn't know exactly what was going on.
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: So my question is to you.
Richelle Direny: in a group setting that you go to, on a weekly basis now.
Richelle Direny: You hear everybody's story.
Richelle Direny: Which is probably a little bit deeper than yours.
Letita Williams: Yeah yeah
Letita Williams: Their as
Richelle Direny: Their issue. There's their river right a whole lot deeper than yours.
Letita Williams: Yeah, yeah. Miss Michelle can smoke a cigarette smoke.
Letita Williams: Sure. Alright, cool. Okay, I just want to make sure before I just laid out why.
Richelle Direny: smelling it then I'ma say no.
Letita Williams: Right, you will do to smell it. Alright, cool. No.
Richelle Direny: I'm saying, um, if you if you what you call it.
Richelle Direny: If you don't, when you sit in a room like that and you're hearing these stories.
Richelle Direny: Right, it's just like, wow, there's Horace pretty serious.
Right.
Letita Williams: The question.
Richelle Direny: Do you ask yourself, what am I sitting in this room.
Richelle Direny: Why did what decision made me sit in a room like this. Should I even be sitting in this room, and my that privilege to be sitting in this room.
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Do you ask yourself that question.
Letita Williams: I'm
Richelle Direny: Not in a judgmental way i'm not talking not in a judgmental way I'm just asking for you.
Letita Williams: Why why I'm, I'm, I mean not. I mean not. I mean, at first idea, but not now. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: That way, at first, why did you think that way at first.
Letita Williams: Well actually cannot deny not miss Rochelle, kind of like did think that way. I kind of just knew I had already made a mistake. So I I'm a good at, if I do something wrong, then I
Letita Williams: Had to do what I do to do with the consequences to deal with the consequences. Yes, that's just who I am.
Letita Williams: Some people don't like to be at fault. No one that they did wrong, you know, I'm good with know when I do wrong.
Letita Williams: You know, and I'm not gonna beat myself up about it. I'm not gonna beat nobody else about it some mistake that I made. So I got to do what the consequences are. And that's, that's how I lead
Letita Williams: Let's just not only him, so I didn't. The next morning when I woke up on my damn I fucked up. I'd be I think I fucked up. I'm like damn up and out of
Letita Williams: skews my language, but that's how I thought I'm like damn I fucked up. But I didn't do this again, you know, but I just went on I prayed for with the core, you know, hopefully I have go to jail for it. I prayed and everything worked out for me.
Letita Williams: Lord was on my side.
Richelle Direny: He always gonna be on your side because there's the next time he's gonna say, Hey, I know you said, David, but you still gotta
Richelle Direny: Do what you gotta do. Right.
Letita Williams: And if I got
Richelle Direny: One. This shall fall with couple of feet.
Letita Williams: Not really going to be with you.
But
Letita Williams: Yeah, for real.
Richelle Direny: Oh, do you live where you look at real nice.
Brothers.
Letita Williams: Right. See ya. I want to go in there to my point.
Richelle Direny: But he gonna be with you why they looking at you, but I'm just saying.
Right.
Letita Williams: Right, that's the true
Letita Williams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's the truth. Now we want to say, God, why did you lie to me.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Richelle Direny: I allow you to do deck. I told you to leave. But you, you want to
Richelle Direny: You want to stop.
Right.
Richelle Direny: I told you not to do it.
Letita Williams: Right. That's the truth. That's the truth. Miss Michelle.
Letita Williams: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: See he done
Richelle Direny: He on through it all for you.
Richelle Direny: Right. It's tomorrow.
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: So he dies tomorrow. What you gonna do tomorrow.
Letita Williams: If God who die it who does
Richelle Direny: Good Friday. You know that Jesus died tomorrow.
Letita Williams: Oh, right on my who died. Okay. Okay. Right. What you mean if he died. What
Letita Williams: So what am I
Letita Williams: What am I gonna do tomorrow.
Letita Williams: Go to work.
Richelle Direny: In the morning is Good Friday.
Letita Williams: I'm going to work in the morning, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: Freddie
Letita Williams: I'ma thank them for waking me up in the morning, send me a nice prayer, and I'm going to work, and hopefully everything be good. And I'm gonna stay safe.
Letita Williams: You laugh and I'm being serious. I'm being serious.
Richelle Direny: It's Good Friday.
Richelle Direny: So you're not going to do nothing special. Good Friday.
Letita Williams: No, go to work. That is special. When I wake up in the morning, that's special enough for me. God woke me up this morning. I'm very thankful
Letita Williams: Thank you. Hallelujah. Amen.
Richelle Direny: You ain't gonna log on to somebody screen.
Letita Williams: Know,
Richelle Direny: No.
Letita Williams: Just the mice running for why do one
Richelle Direny: Good Friday service.
Letita Williams: Church.
Letita Williams: Mm hmm. No, I'll probably go to church Sunday.
Letita Williams: Me and my grandmother. I gotta work in the morning, Rochelle.
Letita Williams: I go to church on Sunday.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. Just on Sundays. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay.
Letita Williams: Yes, God day and that's my day to relax.
Richelle Direny: All Sundays. That's it.
Letita Williams: Sundays. Correct.
Letita Williams: Everyday, everyday God today and every day is Monday as well. But I make especially for on Sundays.
Letita Williams: That, you know, was God's today. And that's my day. That's the I gotta work. I can add my own business, you know, and be you know left alone and chill and relax Sunday has always been my day make a nice Sunday meal, you know, family time on Sundays.
Richelle Direny: Hey, I hear that I hear that
Richelle Direny: All right, keep the faith.
Letita Williams: That's right. Well,
Letita Williams: Welcome. Thank you. Stay
Richelle Direny: Positive and everything that you do.
Richelle Direny: Right, I'm laughing I do agree.
Letita Williams: All right, look for the spirit.
Letita Williams: Mapping is good for the Spirit always laugh, Rochelle is good for you.
Letita Williams: See how good you feel it make you feel good.
Richelle Direny: You feel good.
Letita Williams: Yeah, I do. I feel great.
Richelle Direny: You keep the faith.
Richelle Direny: To do.
Richelle Direny: Right. We everything works out, but it
Letita Williams: On a real
Richelle Direny: On a real tip there is a there is a weekly report.
Letita Williams: That has to be saying yes mailed
Richelle Direny: For your sake, just, you know, comply. Okay.
Letita Williams: Right. So what I do I got to do anything after this, or no, I'm good. Well, you mean like a weekly your weekly report sent to
Letita Williams: You do that right you handle that on your end, right, the weekly report. Okay, so I'm good. Alright, cool, cool.
Richelle Direny: But I had to
Richelle Direny: Go to your groups, I have to find out do each week that you you went to group.
Letita Williams: Yeah, on a group, baby. I enjoy it. I enjoy it.
Richelle Direny: Did you go this week.
Letita Williams: Yeah, I went this week. Yeah, did this. We know my group is what's today I thought this was my group, but didn't turn out to be individual
Richelle Direny: They only gave me
Letita Williams: They only gave me a couple days. Let me hold on let me look at it real Shahada you probably could be to see me for a second. When she emailed me. This is what, let me see where this email Kathy. Let me see what Kathy does she say
Richelle Direny: Here.
Letita Williams: It says appointments in group schedule.
Letita Williams: Miss Williams for our discussion yesterday, blah, blah, blah. Okay, so she said you're expected to follow the treatment recommendations as a therapist, you have been assigned to weekly group therapy Tuesday at 915 Eastern star in
Letita Williams: THE 31st. See, it did. I didn't take it as I had to do it every Tuesday at 915 but I
Richelle Direny: Got it.
Letita Williams: Okay, I get it. Now, did I do with this Tuesday. No.
Letita Williams: I don't think I did because I thought it was just, you just scheduling it like each week I'll have to call in for an appointment. But now I noticed every Tuesday I log in every Tuesday.
Letita Williams: It didn't says your next individual therapy appointment. Now, now, now it's making sense because then I'll explain stuff good when you talk to them.
Letita Williams: Now didn't send your next individual therapy appointment is on the ninth, which is today at eight.
Letita Williams: So cool. So now start logging in every Tuesday, you know, at nine o'clock I didn't, I didn't know it was supposed to be for every Tuesday.
Letita Williams: Now, that makes sense because I'm like they want me to call every week and get the appointment day and time. I'm like, that's a little bit too much for me. But, OK, now I noticed every Tuesday. I'll just log in this Tuesday and do it as well.
Richelle Direny: Every Tuesday at 9pm and with me. It wouldn't be every week.
Richelle Direny: I don't have time on my calendar for every me
Correct.
Richelle Direny: To what days are better for what what days are best for you.
Letita Williams: We can keep them on Thursdays, if you want, we can keep them on Thursdays, by which
Richelle Direny: You said your next appointment with your probation officers on the 27th.
Letita Williams: Let me make sure we're all on the shape I write everything down. So I know appointment notice on April 20th at 330 with my probation officer.
Letita Williams: At April 20
Letita Williams: Alright, cool. You said
Richelle Direny: April 20 that's a Monday.
Letita Williams: Yeah, April 20 that's right on a Monday.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me see.
Letita Williams: Desk you in the heels.
Letita Williams: Like that.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Letita Williams: The heels or Camille's the picture on the wall.
Richelle Direny: Thickness meals. Oh, have you ever gone to
Richelle Direny: Make you feel like you could do something
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Do they have, what does it call
Richelle Direny: Painting with a twist.
Letita Williams: Knows that like pinkness sipping Payton said
Letita Williams: No, I haven't been to one of those, but I would like to Tim
Letita Williams: While I'm trying to, you know, behave with the alcohol thing but yeah
Richelle Direny: Painting with a twist. You don't have to. You just, you know, the ones the way it's down here.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. You just like see you go with a girlfriend or whoever.
Letita Williams: Right, there's
Richelle Direny: Someone there, you pick up art that you want to do.
Richelle Direny: Is teaching them how to do it, you want
Letita Williams: Oh, nice.
Richelle Direny: You bring whatever you want, if you want to, you want to bring food like I've seen people have parties there are renting they do everything there.
Letita Williams: Right. Okay. Cool. I'm not the one of those
Richelle Direny: I've done two I've done two of them.
Letita Williams: It's pretty cool, right.
Richelle Direny: There feeling like a true artist.
Letita Williams: We did a good, right. You did good. I thought it was a painting that you bought
Richelle Direny: On. No, no, it says walk my face.
Letita Williams: I know. That's right. Ain't that the truth. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, here you go.
Richelle Direny: Let's do
Letita Williams: I gotta pull up my notepad. So why are you getting the date.
Richelle Direny: Did you get. Did you get a text for me.
Letita Williams: Um, let me see.
Richelle Direny: I touched you. I
Letita Williams: did get a reminder
Letita Williams: Yeah, I got a reminder
Richelle Direny: Yes, I always send you a reminder
Okay, cool.
Richelle Direny: Um, let's do you said this time.
Letita Williams: Yeah, we can do on Thursday around, you know, the same time at school. Yeah, it'd be cool.
Richelle Direny: That's cool. Okay, so we'll do the 23rd at eight.
Letita Williams: Alright so April 23
Richelle Direny: That's in two weeks. Right.
Letita Williams: Yeah.
Letita Williams: Okay, perfect. I got it.
Richelle Direny: But I'll send you. I'll send you. I'll send you a reminder
Okay.
Letita Williams: All right, now is it will be the same ID, the same I'm group ID to eight or 9515
Letita Williams: Every country.
Richelle Direny: It is, but you still have to check in through
Letita Williams: The main ID, it's
Richelle Direny: Okay, but you still have to do that.
Letita Williams: Okay, so let me join us together.
Letita Williams: Now I'm getting the hang of it now because at first. I'm like this is an organized. That's what I kept on calling bright heart telling them like they want to explain it good, but you explained it better.
Letita Williams: I got to do the group things every week. That makes sense or every Tuesday night I make sense. So now I know no or they didn't say that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because then then because then what's going to happen is that they're going to hold you accountable.
Letita Williams: For not shine. Correct. And I think that's what they have been doing, but they didn't tell me to do it every
Richelle Direny: So this is the thing, in turn, okay. So in the with the report stuff that was the thing is you had, I think you had one appointment with me.
Richelle Direny: Right, like one or two appointments with me that you didn't come to
Letita Williams: And
Richelle Direny: They were holding you to because the reality was. You were never assigned to a group because you don't see that, sir. So I raised the question of, you know, are you supposed to attend group. Do you see the doctor. Like, and so
Letita Williams: Right.
Richelle Direny: Um, so if you have attended if you had maybe a two appointments that you had with me. I don't think it would have went as far as it did. But now they're going to, they had to assign you to a group kind of
Richelle Direny: Integrate you to the full system. And so now you're you have something that you're following so right me you don't i don't it to me. It's not necessary for us to me all the time.
Letita Williams: Right.
You
Richelle Direny: See the reason you. I mean, you're saying that
Richelle Direny: Right.
Richelle Direny: Pretty good for you.
Letita Williams: Yeah. Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: So for me, um, you know, if I would say that if it's continuous where you're on probation officer requires that you continue to attend.
Richelle Direny: Right. And I would say, let's meet once a month and you do the group's weekly
Richelle Direny: Cool okay if that's something that he wants. So we will make that full determination, when we meet on the 23rd.
Letita Williams: Sound good
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: So we'll check back in one more time for the month and then if it is that he's going to have you continue if you go to the group every week. Yes, you. We will just meet once a month.
Letita Williams: Okay. Sounds good. Michelle.
Richelle Direny: Just to check in. Okay.
Letita Williams: Sounds good, baby.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Well,
Richelle Direny: Enjoy Easter Sunday.
Letita Williams: Will do.
Richelle Direny: And, you know, change your mind. You can have your grandmother log on to church for Friday.
Letita Williams: Yes. Yes, ma'am.
Letita Williams: Sounds good. Sounds good. Miss per share.
Richelle Direny: And then, you know, hey, you know, continue doing what's be safe. Okay.
Letita Williams: Will do you be safe and you stay you stay prayed up that Glassman
Richelle Direny: You to my dear.
Letita Williams: Thank you. You have you have a great night.
Richelle Direny: YouTube
I'm blessed